# Computational-Graphics-and-Visualization-CS330

1. How do I approach designing software?
   I would say that some new design skills that my work on this project has helped craft would be modular development, vector understanding, and mathematical/visual hybrid programming.
   To design my software, I made sure I read all documentation and code base to fully grasp how every function and header file interacted with the operation of the main code, so I could make incremental changes that slowly but surely added the required updates. All tactics I implemented throughout the course of design could be applied in future work, as I will always need a thorough understanding of object oriented programming, modular development, avoiding redundancy, and maintaining clearly explained, well documented code.
2. How do I approach developing programs?
   Some new development strategies I implemented while working on my 3D scene were constant, small iterations and continuous testing to promote error minimization. Iteration factored in heavily, as if I tried to make all required changes all at once it would break the program and debugging would take hours. Small, incremental changes were necessary to preserve error free syntax and maintain the functionality of all required elements. My approach to developing code has become much more modular, as at first I am used to assessing the code top down, looking for patterns and finding the portions that needed to be changed. Now, I still do that but I also do a bottom up analysis/review to ensure I fully grasp every line before making changes.
3. How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
   I could elaborate on this with a thesis, but I'll keep it concise for the purposes of this assignment. I have learned a whole new set of skills from mathematical reasoning in code to design strategies that will all serve as valuable stepping stones into more ambitious personal future planned projects with AR/VR environments integrated into hardware displays. While this is personal, it is also professional as my projects are rooted in startup concepts that have high ceiling for growth as human society progresses into a state of integrated wearable technology.
